README.md, before:

# integration-cicd

This sample repository demonstrates how one could build a CI/CD pipeline for Application Integration with Cloud Build.

# Instructions

* The integration version JSON is downloaded [here](./src/sample.json). 
* Once the changes are checked in and merged, the developer can trigger a deploy manually or triggered through Cloud Build
* This repo uses a custom cloud builder called `integrationcli-builder`, based on [integrationcli](https://github.com/srinandan/integrationcli)


## Steps

1. Download the integration from the UI or using the [CLI](https://github.com/srinandan/integrationcli/blob/main/docs/integrationcli_integrations_versions_get.md). Here is an example to download via CLI:

```sh

token=$(gcloud auth print-access-token)
integrationcli integrations versions get -n sample -v <version> -p <project-id> -r <region-name> -t $token > ./src/sample.json
```

2. Trigger the build manually

```sh

gcloud builds submit --config=cloudbuild.yaml --region=region-name --project=project-name --substitutions _NAME=sample,_SNAPSHOT=1,_FILE=./src/sample.json
```

### Integration Cloud Builder

This repo uses a custom cloud builder based. You can create the custom cloud builder from

1. The [cloudbuild.yaml](https://github.com/srinandan/integrationcli/blob/main/cloud-builder.yaml) file
2. The [Dockerfile](https://github.com/srinandan/integrationcli/blob/main/Dockerfile.builder)

```sh

git clone https://github.com/srinandan/integrationcli.git
gcloud builds submit --config=cloud-builder.yaml --project=you-project-name
```

Be sure to modify the [cloudbuild.yaml](./cloudbuild.yaml) file to point to the correct GCR repo.

___

## Support

This is not an officially supported Google product

Commit message:

update info on commit sha

README.md, after:

# integration-cicd

This sample repository demonstrates how one could build a CI/CD pipeline for Application Integration with Cloud Build.

# Instructions

* The integration version JSON is downloaded [here](./src/sample.json). 
* Once the changes are checked in and merged, the developer can trigger a deploy manually or triggered through Cloud Build
* This repo uses a custom cloud builder called `integrationcli-builder`, based on [integrationcli](https://github.com/srinandan/integrationcli)


## Steps

1. Download the integration from the UI or using the [CLI](https://github.com/srinandan/integrationcli/blob/main/docs/integrationcli_integrations_versions_get.md). Here is an example to download via CLI:

```sh

token=$(gcloud auth print-access-token)
integrationcli integrations versions get -n sample -v <version> -p <project-id> -r <region-name> -t $token > ./src/sample.json
```

You can also download via a snapshot number like this:

```sh

token=$(gcloud auth print-access-token)
integrationcli integrations versions get -n sample -s <snapshot> -p <project-id> -r <region-name> -t $token > ./src/sample.json
```

2. Trigger the build manually

```sh

gcloud builds submit --config=cloudbuild.yaml --region=region-name --project=project-name --substitutions _NAME=sample,_SNAPSHOT=1,_FILE=./src/sample.json
```

The integration is labeled with the `SHORT_SHA`, the first seven characters of the commit id

### Integration Cloud Builder

This repo uses a custom cloud builder based. You can create the custom cloud builder from

1. The [cloudbuild.yaml](https://github.com/srinandan/integrationcli/blob/main/cloud-builder.yaml) file
2. The [Dockerfile](https://github.com/srinandan/integrationcli/blob/main/Dockerfile.builder)

```sh

git clone https://github.com/srinandan/integrationcli.git
gcloud builds submit --config=cloud-builder.yaml --project=you-project-name
```

Be sure to modify the [cloudbuild.yaml](./cloudbuild.yaml) file to point to the correct GCR repo.

___

## Support

This is not an officially supported Google product
